Condition pattern example failure (#604)
MicrosoftDocs/iis-docs: iis/extensions/url-rewrite-module/reverse-proxy-with-url-rewrite-v2-and-application-request-routing.md

2. Click "Add…" button to bring up the dialog box for defining conditions.
3. For "Condition input:" enter this string: "**{URL}"**. This configures URL rewrite module to use the URL path that was requested by web client.
4. In the drop down combo box select "**Matches the pattern**".

> 5. In the "Pattern" textbox enter "**^/(webmail|payroll)/.\***". This regular expression will be used to match the URL paths that start with either /webmail or /payrol. Also the parenthesis within the pattern will capture the part of the matched URL string, so that we can re-use when constructing the replacement URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Enter `^/(webmail|payroll)/.*` in the **Pattern** textbox. This regular expression will be used to match the URL paths that start with either `/webmail` or `/payrol`. The parenthesis within the pattern captures the part of the matched URL string, so that we can re-use when constructing the replacement URL.
```
